Overall, Scala was comfortable to use because of its similarities to Java. Basic concepts such as iteration and conditionals stayed consistent. Defining variables was also fine, though Python did condition me to keep forgetting to put in val and var keywords before declaring a variable. 

One thing that caught me off guard was how elements in lists and arrays are accessed by using parentheses instead of square brackets. I was doing something like board[guessSpot] instead of board(guessSpot). The resulting error message wasn't very helpful; it was mostly saying that it couldn't figure out what guessSpot was, which frustrated me because I clearly defined it right before. I feel like it would have been minimal on the developers' parts to have Scala align with square bracket standard, so I'm not quite sure why they chose to call it like a function instead. 

Aside from that, the error messages were helpful. I appreciate it telling me what it expected and what it actually ended up getting. SBT in general was also very helpful. It doesn't require a lot of work to get it working, and being able to quickly run tests is convenient. JUnit testing with Java was much more painful, if I remember correctly, because setting it up tended to be more finicky; with Scala, it was quite straightforward. 

Scala was kind of like a mishmash of other languages, to the extent that I'm not sure why I would choose Scala over said other languages. The mixture of functional and imperative programming is interesting, but I feel like if I wanted to program functionally, I'd just go with Haskell, for example. Having the added flexibility by having features from both sides of programming is nice, but it didn't seem particularly necessary in this assignment. Perhaps it would be interesting to look into other Scala projects where Scala clearly shows its prowess in specific fields. 